
- Start Date: 2023-01-04
- RFC PR: (leave this empty)
- FOLIO Issue: (leave this empty)

# Securing Module Configuration

## Summary

Address security vulnerability exposed by mod-configuration

## Motivation

Why are we doing this? What use cases does it support? What is the expected outcome? What is the strategic value?

## Detailed Explanation/Design

This is the bulk of the RFC. 

Explain the proposal as though it were already implemented and you were teaching it to someone already familiar with Folio - foregoing unnecessary introductory material.

* Get into the specifics including corner cases and plenty of examples.
* Define any new terminology and named concepts
* Fully explain the scope of the proposal: backend; frontend; full-stack.
* Provide clear guidance as to how the proposal might be implemented.
* Include any reference to any existing Folio Jira issues.
* If appropriate, the use of diagrams and illustrations is encouraged.
* Provide any assessment of the dependency impact of the proposed change; its interaction with other features is clear.
* If possible describe how disruptive the change might be to the existing Folio development community.
* Discuss how any breaking changes can be rolled out (migration guidance).
* If applicable, provide sample code or pseudo-code,  error messages, or deprecation warnings
* Describe the impact on existing Folio documentation, guides and other reference materials.

## Risks and Drawbacks

Why should we not do this? 

A genuine and thoughtful consideration to risks and drawbacks is essential for a well-rounded proposal. 

## Rationale and Alternatives

Why is this design the best in the space of possible designs? How does this design integrate (or not) into the existing architecture and practices in Folio?


What other designs have been considered and what is the rationale for not choosing them? 

This section could also include prior art, that is, how other the same problem may have already been solved elsewhere.

## Unresolved Questions

Optional, but suggested for first drafts. What parts of the design are still TBD?

What related issues do you consider out of scope for this RFC that could be addressed in the future independently of the solution that comes out of this RFC?
